---
    title: Member Meeting Minutes
    date: December 5th, 2019
    board_members_present:
    - name: Mike Weaver
      position: Secretary
    approval:
      date: Jan 14th, 2020
      name: Mike Weaver
      position: Secretary
...
# Last Meeting Followup
- No items to follow up on

# Updates
- Board Update to Members
    - 501(c)(3) report from @_bashNinja
    - New key system
    - Change from memberships to donations
- Doors have been re-keyed
    - Keys have been given to most of the membership
- Lease is currently Month-Month
    - Rent has not gone up, but will on Jan 1st by $50

# Topics Discussed
- The Membership would like to have a code of coduct and rules
    - Voted to form a committee to do this. The board will choose committee members
- With the new key changes, we need to define rules about when the space should be open
    - Consider having multiple members responsible when the space is open
- The Membership would like the ability to lock doors and close off areas of the space
- Some members mentioned that telepresence is desired by some people
    - We decided that we think we can allow telepresence under the following conditions:
        - Classes, with presenter approval
        - Specific Board Approval
- Currently classes/events are very organic.
    - Current method to host an event is to talk to a board member
    - We need an events/classes officer
    - Meetup can be a good way to suggest events
    - We should create a bulletin board of classes we want
- There is a problem with people in the community not knowing about the hackerspace
    - We need to improve our local presence and advertise somehow
- We discussed restricted funds
- We would like to setup Saturday Sparring at the hackerspace
    - Senpai has been assigned this
- Dovid offered to be a volunteer manager
- We decided to investigate a 'bring a friend' event
    - Missing an assignment
- We need to search for more sponsors

# Next Meeting
Undetermined
