---
    title: Board Member Meeting Minutes
    date: Nov 5th, 2021
    meets_quorum: Yes

    board_members_present:
    - name: Lance Buttars (@nemus)
      position: President
    - name: Kaydan Lindsey (@pips)
    - name: Mike Weaver (@\_bashNinja)
      position: Secretary

    approval:
      date: Nov. 5th, 2021
      name: Mike Weaver
      position: Secretary
...
# Last Meeting Follow-up
- No items to follow up on

# Updates
- $5,062.04 income from Every.org fundraiser

# Topics Discussed
- Covid-19 Policy and Requirements for the hackerspace
    - The board discussed the general sentiment of the patrons of the hackerspace
    - The board reviewed a detailed proposal given by Admiral Potato
- Kaydan Lindsey proposed that we require a vaccine, or a negative Covid-19 (within the last 7 days) for in-person events or access to the hackerspace 
    - Mike Weaver seconded
    - The vote was unanimous in favor of the proposal
- Implementation of the new Covid-19 Policy
    - The board discussed the difficulty of implementing this policy and the burden on the Officers of the Organization
    - The board discussed the concerns about keeping a database
    - Kaydan Lindsey proposed that we implement a physical token based system for verification
	- The vote was unanimous in favor of implementing a token system
    - Mike Weaver proposed that we table the discussion, including details on the token system, until the next meeting while we come up with a viable solution
	- The vote was unanimous in favor of tabling the discussion
- Plans on when the COVID-19 Policy and Requirements should expire
    - Mike Weaver proposed we table this discussion until a Policy has been created
	- The vote was unanimous in favor of tabling the discussion 

# Next Meeting
Unknown
